Added Azure.MariaDB.GeoRedundantBackup (#1849)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.MariaDB.GeoRedundantBackup.md

      "backupRetentionDays": 7,
      "geoRedundantBackup": "Enabled"
    }
  }
}
```

### Configure with Bicep

To deploy Azure Database for MariaDB Servers that pass this rule:

- Set the `properties.storageProfile.geoRedundantBackup` property to `Enabled`.

For example:

```bicep
resource mariaDbServer 'Microsoft.DBforMariaDB/servers@2018-06-01' = {
  name: serverName
  location: location
  sku: {
    name: skuName
    tier: 'GeneralPurpose'
    capacity: skuCapacity
    size: '${skuSizeMB}' 
    family: skuFamily
  }
  properties: {
    createMode: 'Default'
    version: mariadbVersion
    administratorLogin: administratorLogin
    administratorLoginPassword: administratorLoginPassword
    storageProfile: {
      storageMB: skuSizeMB
      backupRetentionDays: 7
      geoRedundantBackup: 'Enabled'
    }
  }
}
```

## NOTES

This rule is only applicable for Azure Database for Maria DB Servers with `General Purpose` and `Memory Optimized` tiers. The `Basic` tier does not support geo-redundant backup storage.

## LINKS

- [Target and non-functional requirements](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/framework/resiliency/design-requirements)

> - [Backup and restore in Azure Database for MariaDB](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/templates/microsoft.dbformariadb/servers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Backup and restore in Azure Database for MariaDB](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/mariadb/concepts-backup)
```
